Hello welcome back to the course of deep learning I hope you enjoying our encoders and this is a quick
tutorial on bias's So let's dive straight into it.
We've got to end up in court.
Here again our simplified version that we worked with and I just wanted to point out that sometimes
you will see a bit of a different representation.
It might include something like this and this.
These are just biases so biases mean you might actually say plus one inside each one of them and usually
does.
And Baez just basically means that in your activation function in bold in your in your actuation function
you've got that be over there.
So it's not just wait times x plus B.
And probably the more correct representation which you will more often see than this one is actually
it like this.
This is how it should be presented.
If people are showing biases then they're just out there because bias affects the Lehre ahead.
The law that's in front so just be aware of that.
And if you see that just remember it's just basically a bias.
That's all it is.
It's just a constant in that equation.
Nothing more to it than that.
And that's pretty much it.
Just look out for that.
And I will see you on the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy deep learning.